### LLM Demos

Reflection on website: I used gemini here and this worked great. Gemini automatically, without my asking, created a pretty strong data visualization showing a bar chart. The bar chart was automatically color coded and correct by the party's assigned colors. The bar chart included the information for total votes and percent on each individual bar and the same for all the counties in the drop down menu. The page was, mostly, responsive and did pretty much all I wanted right off the bat. That was impresseive. 

I did make some further changes. I made the bars animate on the page opening to give it a cool effect. I also changed the fonts to make it a bit cleaner looking, mixing one serif and one sans-serif font that are both web friendly. I also had the charts add in the party name so it was a bit mroe clear. Lastly, I created tool tips so we could see the numerical info for the small party candidates which didn't originally appear. The tool tips weren't quite as seamless, but do work — after giving a few seconds of hovering over to load.

I found a few of the choices in coding interesting. For example it really didn't write a ton of CSS style. When I wanted to change fonts, it wrote inline style changes in the HTML file but did not make changes to the CSS document. 

The journalistic possibilites are incredibly obvious here. In fact, I'm already using AI for code. Outside of this class, nearly 100% of my AI usage has been for working with datasets or coding. In both of my other two classes this semester, I am using AI to assist in coding websites with complicated elements — especially when it comes to using JavaScript where I am not skilled yet. Using AI doesn't take a novice coder (me) and suddenly make a great coder, but it does teach skills and allow better access to more accessible websites. I've also used AI for some smaller tasks in relation to coding like helping generate color ramps that fit with website style guides. We can use AI to help with coding for JavaScript/chartJS graphics. I am currently using AI to help me add a scrollytelling element to a webpage I am creating with data visualizations. Using AI for code has really opened up a whole world for me of journalistic ideas and uses that I previously never could have considered doing because I didn't have the knowledge to even consider doing it. 

Start with [this data](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dwillis/jour405/refs/heads/main/data/md_pres_county.csv).
